# Limited Dysfunction

Once the Science Books gave us some good advice:
- Use the philosophy to doubt in science; science is not a democratic entertainment, resembling rather bread and circus, but a personal journey towards higher consciousness.
  - Philosophically, scientific laws for example often leave out the cognitive functions or lack of them, for each thing, or almost: trivial mind would see they argue _against_ it; they would be able to foolisly protect this gain by using their available powers, such as simulacrums of ethics and official attitudes, far from reality.
- Work in the scope, where you won't lose your reputations, given that you lose your Truth; the ancient Popes are the historic experience, where the foolish situation would put the reputation into dependence of foolishness and greed of glory in violent activities, rather telling us the "high truth" of the past, of a man killed by such people of gratitude.

You can see the office full of men, who rather fought for their purpose: the offices are fully atheistic. In creed of having material consciousness, they would rather put down the spiritual consciousness - it's important to notice the battle weakness in such case, for people who are conscious; the number of limited and foolish activities to represent oneself as a criminal in situations, where smarter person would rather try to appear foolish in one or another question: it's the story of Socrates, where the breakage point of complete yang - a central topic in Chinese martial arts, tao, I Ching - The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable; this gives the point where the foolish man, residing on their reputative power, and actively creating artificial dependence of it, as if it was their de-motivational drug they use in case of emotions; the emotional stability is dependent on having lack of success of others: the Christian activity "Knowledge of Good and Bad" would make them argue with a Buddhist, trying to convince in Good and Bad: trying to involve the broken emotion, where one can not give away.

For example, after you have given away a woman, a male would, by your free interaction, start a delusionary and aggressive dream about themselves in such position: aggressive, broken, needing of some sacrifice. This is the point where Buddhist would say: You kill the man. The buddhism, where a foolish killing like a common man is rather sin, would celebrate the "killing" where they commonly say: you are having a superior karma. Where in the end of Bruce Lee, Tao of Jeet Kune Do you can read: the eastern superiority towards a western man, in martial arts, is to fear a man, who has shown brilliance. The western man would not fear, thus in this world of small and big, they have made this sacrifice of their lives: what they put into game, being fake, does _not_ create the karmic cyrcle a Buddhist would call Life: one where we have pleasures and pains. Once seen that their karma would kill them, we can follow what happens..

Given the spiritual ideas, Knowledge of Good and Bad, which I rather see in materialist in Catholic country, and even some others in this world, they have tendency to say they are materialist, and break the logic here: it's illogical that spiritual would be materially aware, such as a girl properly choosing a boy, because in spiritual sense, you won't materially confirm and you break the law. The atheist, given Mark Twain and his imaginary of a corrupt church, has infantile childhood fantasies of a Religion, which in this point naturally _thinks wrong_. Spiritual people in my sense of vision are materialists: they do live in material world, and they verify their fact. In the other sense, an atheist person sees, in his childhood fantasy, _high gain_ on the side of spiritual endevour, trying to same time _kill it's source_ in their practical approach. Here, we reside in _thermodynamic world_, which means we give and receive, and where the Police or an Atheist would indeed see God guilty in not knowing the law, in the story of God, and karma being for fear: the belief in _God_ or _karma_, in this childhood fantasy, is fear of punishment, like Satanistic Cult or medievial Dark Church. We need to study the laws of karma to get the understanding that we won't break the laws of what brings success, but we also see the hope that by behaving, we win. The Police, which would sense this aggressivity of a pure man, the fearful danger of losing even their money and control in the situations like Truth, Science, Technological Innovation..

..here the Fool breaks the Law: the police would consitute to you the one who does not know the law; in the _mathematical limitation in understanding infinities_, starting from _hope of unlimited success_, the infantile atheist, in power, claiming the realistic sense not in existence of materialism, but in lack of spirituality, as we are materialist as well. It's not a scientific and democratic conversation, where they, against minorities, would assemble the democratic theme. Here we see: the materialist is attacking you with free market, their right to business, in sense of leaving you out of motivation in your own company, and cleaning from the free rights in their own enterprise, tho help the poor or provide the unmotivating work; to thrive is the "bad motivation". We can see the Fool fails: telling you by attacking back the karma, or the incidence of meeting a better Soul, where they lose the right essence of democracy, of communism, of religion and ethics, or any good behavior. You can see they want to win, in their perverse laughery when the victory is yielding around, or how they discuss feelings of others: the crime is to see their infantile perversies only in higher and purer feelings of theirs, where a healthy dose of love and flirt, a good project, work, will to achieve and success, the tension, pain, excitement or feelings of success are attacked as signs of their weakness, of the "common woman who also sits in the office".